Pixelmon PE is an advanced Pokémon mod for Minecraft Pocket Edition. Even though it’s currently released as a beta version it has loads of features and many of them work quite well. You can catch Pokémon, duel others and use items such as the Pokedex to view detailed information about your Pokémon. Even for the fact it’s still being in beta it definitely is very fun to use and is most definitely worth testing out!

Getting Started

Before spawning in a world you will get an option to select which Pokémon you want to start out with. In this case I selected Charmander.

Spawning a Pokémon

To spawn a Pokémon press the P button in the bottom right corner of the screen. A list of Poké Balls will appear on the right side of the screen. Long-tap on either of the Poké Balls to spawn the Pokémon. (In this case, you will just have one Poké Ball.)

Catching Pokémon

To catch Pokémon you will need some Poké Balls. There are three different types of Poké Balls and each of them have different chances (%) of catching Pokémon.

In this case I got an Ultra Ball. Throw it (long-tap) at a Pokémon (like a snowball) to catch it.

If you are successful it will appear on the right side of the screen among your other Poké Balls. You might need to press P in the bottom right corner in order to see the balls.

Hold down your finger on the Poké Ball to spawn the newly caught Pokémon.

Poké Ball (2008) – 1 Poké Ball Up + 1 redstone + 1 Poké Ball Down
Poké Ball Up (504) – 3 Red Apricorns
Poké Ball Down (507) – 4 iron ingots
Ultra Ball (2009) – 1 Ultra Ball Up + 1 redstone + 1 Poké Ball Down
Ultra Ball Up (505) – 2 Black Apricorns + 1 Yellow Apricorn
Great Ball (2010) – work in progress
Master Ball (2009) – 1 Master Ball Up + 1 Poké Ball + 1 Poké Ball Down
Master Ball Up (506) – 2 Pink Apricorns + 3 Purple Apricorns + 1 iron ingot
(to find a list of all other items, e.g. Apricorns, scroll down to the bottom)
Apricorn Trees

Some Poké Balls require some type of apricorn to be crafted. Apricorns can be harvested by breaking the tree which looks as seen in the image below.

There are four types of apricorn trees:

Red (common)
Yellow (rare)
Blue (super rare)
Black (ultra rare).
They spawn randomly in the world. After you’ve collected at least one it can be planted on the ground to grow more and they don’t require any water to grow.

Leveling Up

Some of the items can be used for feeding your Pokémon and helping it to level up. At the time we reviewed this it didn’t work but as soon the bug is fixed we’ll make sure to update this part.

Neither of the items can be crafted at this point. (This might be bugged at the moment!)

Rare Candy (3001)
Thunderstone (3002)
Waterstone (3003)
Moonstone (3004)
Leafstone (3005)
Firestone (3006)
Duskstone (3007)
Dawnstone (3008)

