This addon aims to make villager seem more alive and actually useful and have similar abilities to humans in real life. By giving them cake you can make them start relationships between one another and even have babies. You can pay villagers with gold ingots to hire them as your guards and fire them once you don’t need them.
 
Villagers really become a whole lot more interesting as you will be able to gain a social (and monetary) advantage bu interacting with the people.

Families
Villagers love cakes. If you hold one in your hand they will immediately start following you.

You can even spark love between two villagers by giving each of them a cake. Soon after they are done with their love dance a baby villager will come to life.

Female villagers
Replaces normal villagers
Female attributes (breasts), a few pixels shorter

Male villagers
Replaces zombie villagers
Taller than females
You can only hire males as guards
You can use the villager spawn egg to spawn both sexes

Guards
There are two types of villagers: normal ones and guards. If you can’t find any guards then you can train a normal villager by giving him an iron chestplate. A guard will by default protect the village from monsters.
You can only train a male villager to become a guard.

Hiring a Guard
Heading out on an adventure? Hire a male villager to be your guard in exchange for 1 – 6 gold ingot. When you see some heart particles you will know it’s hired.

Both guard types will follow you around and protect you. You can command them to stay or follow (similar to a wolf).

Archer: Give bow
Swordsman: Give iron sword

Other
When you don’t need your guard anymore you can fire him in exchange for a gold ingot
Villagers and guards can be healed with almost any type of food item
No villager sounds

Changelog
Zombie villagers are male villagers, slightly taller than males ones
Normal villagers are female villagers, smaller, female attributes (breasts)
To breed villager babies you will need one male and one female
Only males can be trained to become guards
If villagers are killed by a zombie then they will turn into a normal zombie