As of version 0.13 redstone was officially added to Minecraft Pocket Edition. But it’s still in its early stages of development and this means some features are missing. Redstone + is a mod which tries to make those features available for us right now. So far the mod features include repeaters, pistons, the command block and a slime block. Dispensers, droppers and redstone comparators are still a work in progress but hopefully something we will be able to use soon as well.

Redstone Repeaters
Repeaters are used for repeating signals in redstone powered structures.

Let’s say you are using lots of redstone dust to connect a redstone lamp to a lever. If the line of dusts are too long the redstone signal won’t pass all the way through.

To avoid this problem you can replace a redstone dust with a redstone repeater to give the rest of the redstones its full strength back. And the result, as you can see in the image below, is successful.

Pistons
There are two types of pistons. There’s is the normal one which can only push blocks forward. And then there is the sticky piston which can both push blocks and pull them back.

Command Blocks
Commands blocks are the perfect solution for combining in-game text commands with redstone. In this example we will show you how you can control the weather by the simple use of some redstone and a command line.

Place down a command block and connect it to a trigger of some sort, e.g. a lever. Tap on the command block with an empty hand and then type /rain in the textfield to select the command for the block and then press “Done”. You can see a full list of available commands by typing /help and then choose one of your liking. It doesn’t work with custom commands.

Right now it’s a nice sunny weather.

But as soon as we turn the switch on it will send a redstone signal to the command block which in return will execute the command line. And as you can see, it’s raining!

Slime Blocks
Whenever standing on a slime block you will start bouncing up and down. That means it’s suitable for building structures such as a trampoline and that is what we decided to do in this review.

Have a look at the images further down to understand how the structure should be built for the best result.


Dispensers
The dispenser works a little bit different than the dispenser in the PC version of Minecraft. Place it down on the ground as seen in the image below

Then fill the chest with any of the following items (preferably stacks):

Arrows
Snowballs
Eggs
Bottle o’ Enchanting