Minions are yellow, small, cylindrical creatures which are most known for their appearance in the Minions movie. This addon adds them to Minecraft PE. They are very cute and can be used for multiple things. For example, you can tame them, have them fight for you or you can send them away on missions such as hunting or to go fishing.

Taming
Minions can be found spawning in the Nether (because they replace zombie pigmen). You can also spawn them using the zombie pigman spawn egg.

To tame a minion you will first need to find a big one. Then feed it some bananas (carrots) until it likes you. Tame chance: 33%. If you find a baby minion you can feed it some bananas too to accelerate its growing process.

iOS / Android: Long press on the minion with a banana (carrot) and press Tame
Windows 10: Right-click on a minion with a banana (carrot)

A tamed minion will by default follow its master. You can command it to sit/stand (similar to a wolf) or even tie it to a fence post if you get tired of it.

Missions
You can give a tamed minion a couple of different jobs by giving it any of the following tools.

Sword = Hunt animals
Axe = Chop down trees
Pickaxe = Mine
Hoe = Harvest
Shovel = Dig
Fishing rod = Fishing

It will take anywhere between 1 – 5 minutes for a minion to return to you after it has been given a task. You can then press on the button to retrieve the items which it collected. In this case, I had asked it go fishing, so it dropped some fish.

Combat
Minions are no cowards. If you get attacked by a mob your tamed minion will be quick to help you. And it will also attack anything which you attack.

Other
The crops textures for carrots have been replaced by banana crops.

Evil Minion
There are a few different ways that an evil minion can spawn. It replaces the skeleton so it does spawn randomly in your worlds. You can transform an ordinary (yellow) minion into an evil one a vice versa.

Transform wild minion into an evil minion by throwing a poisonous potion at it
Transform an evil minion into a wild minion by throwing a potion of weakness at it
Also, if a normal (yellow) minion is killed by an evil minion then it will turn into its adversary.

General Information
Minions

Immune to fire
Replaces zombie pigmen
Spawns in the Nether

Wild

Babies
Friendly
Can’t breed
Health: 5 hearts
Feed it bananas (carrots) to accelerate growing

Adults
Neutral
Breedable
Health: 10 hearts
Attack damage: 5
Feed it bananas (carrots) to tame it (tame chance: 33%)

Tamed
Health: 15 hearts
Attack damage: 6
Protects its master
Leashable
Give it any of the following tools to give it orders. Returns after 1 min and you can retrieve the items it got
Sword = kill animals
Axe = chop down trees
Pickaxe = mine
Hoe = harvest
Shovel = dig
Fishing rod = fishing


Evil Minions

Replaces skeleton
Health: 10 hearts
Hostile towards players, yellow minions and all other mobs except monsters
Attack damage: 3

Transformation (takes 10 seconds)
Transform wild minion into an evil minion by throwing a poisonous potion at it
Transform an evil minion into a wild minion by throwing a potion of weakness at it
If a wild minion is killed by an evil minion then it turns into an evil one